ay staying friends of youtube as they are
here with you here is at 13 3
extracting him is the second aside from what
what is there in my blog on my iphone 4
what I use daily with what I give
I do not know loading every day and we're going to
move on to what is part of number 2
Well, gentlemen, we already showed you
part number 1 now let's proceed
to show what part number 2 is and
It is one of the applications that less use
I believe that everything I use
daily that is constantly is
what is in the part of the page
number 1 but good let's show you
look here as you can see we have a
game shit we have a lot of
secondary applications which this
use from time to time as you can see
here is so famous click flip and this
also game we are going to show you all
what we have, I want to clarify
gentlemen that I almost do not play I do not know
because I do not have time for the email
twitter facebook youtube absorb
almost everything is my time then
this one does not give us time to be playing this
but once in a while we notice the
opportunity or we can play we have the
that are the angry birds we have
wallpaper applications to put it
what is our phone
which are very good to change
of what is this the wallpaper
another of the applications that we have
here are games look we have 'zynga
poker 'that this game I used to be good
addict came out on what was facebook
we have a rat running double young
we have sbt light we have an application
I made a video a long time ago
time to make our own
ringtones we have what videos are
that we do not use the imuvi that has never
used but we have it here just in case
this is called my yacht and it 's in my
account for me to be able to see how many minutes
I have used how much I have used this
internet and text messages and one that
called and ESPN Deportes Radio which
she is very good gentlemen because we can
Follow matches online when
we are working outside the house one
here that I have to say that I do not use much
we have what is sanjo although it serves
to be able to recognize the songs
names suddenly yes no
this we know the song we put the
iphone close
and we can this recognize the name of the
rl classic song I do not remember how it
call this string is very good
for those people who like
be watching live broadcasts by
the internet either from blogs videogames
or any other type of transmission in
I live this we have emoji that is the one
we use to put them
to the icons we have the yahoo messenger
who has never used tango that is also
like a sky I think but I do not use it
another application that is called
reminders either google use it a
once a month for I do not know how to see to see my
country to see my little ranch from time to time
when to show them to my friends and
this application that is great that is
of amazon that suddenly is a product
and want to know the price simply
open the application you read is the code
of bars of the product you are viewing
and in Amazon it shows you the prices that
they have are what is great
lords because this sometimes want
know the prices of a product and not
gives us time another of the things that
we have here are utilities this almost not
I just use the calculator computer
company only use not use nor the voice memo
game center I do not use it gentlemen for all
those who have asked me not to use
none of those maps when I stay
lost have we need a
address the speed is terrific you
shows the speed that you have
cell phone company or your wifi we have and
espn soccernet also for results
soccer
for the time and it's yahoo sports akular
what gives you basketball results
American football all type of sport
who is American that is very good that
application after we have ebay
great to answer messages
you know that I am addicted to what is
the ebay notes curro itself this one
suddenly it serves me for I do not know how to do
currency changes from dollars to any
another type of currency are for example
look let's put here 700 pesos are
in the next are alcalá conversion that
is now at $ 52 with 99
cents are is very good sir since
Sometimes we want to know how the
change the currency my live xbox
shows me all the people who are
live at the moment of being
me without having entered my xbox is given
put your password click your account
user and it tells you which of your friends
they are live justintv sirs great
the truth that I never miss this one
for all live broadcasts are
and racing a game I'm not a little
entertaining but you know they are very
few for the games and let's see if
we bring you a review of this and other
which is called bronca main the drunkard or
whether or not it is silly
what's up with the capo or what's going on like here
good this application I think what
they did for us and it's
very funny later we are going to
bring what is the revised of these two
they are good gentlemen this has been the tour
the second part of what is there in
my blog in smoky is 313 on my phone
applications that I have all the time
installed on my phone I hope that they
have liked gentlemen will be up to
next they are appreciated leaves any
comment you know is any
suggestions or constructive criticism you
we will appreciate of hearts in until the
next subscribe comments favorite bye